Currently wxMacMolPlt includes build files and has been tested on Mac OS X,
Linux and Windows. Since most people building from source will be running
Linux this file focuses on the build instructions for Linux. To build from
source on any OS you must have a C++ compiler such as g++ and an install
of wxWidgets with OpenGL support enabled. wxWidgets 2.6 through 2.8.0 
should work.
Prebuilt packages should also work. We have tested against the version 2.6.3
prebuilt package within Debian and found it to work. If you are building on
Fedora Core 5 or 6 first install the wxGTK-2.6.3, wxGTK-gl-2.6.3 and
wxGTK-devel-2.6.3 rpms. With those three rpms installed you should have no
trouble building or running wxMacMolPlt.

If your distribution does not offer a prebuilt wxWidgets package you will need
to grab the latest source copy from www.wxwidgets.org and install it. You 
should be able to do this using the following (opengl is required, unicode is
optional, but should be used if you use non ascii chars in your file system):
   ./configure --with-gtk --with-opengl --enable-unicode
   make
   make install

To install MacMolPlt run:
  ./configure
  make
  make install
If you have installed wxWidgets in a non-standard location you can add
--with-wx-config=/path/to/wx
to the ./configure step. The make install step is important as it installs two
required resource files in addition to the binary. Once installed you should
be able to run MacMolPlt by typing "wxMacMolPlt".

If you get an error during the MacMolPlt configure step saying that your wx
build lacks OpenGL support the problem may be that you need the location of
the wxWidgets shared libraries in your ld path. First as root try running:
  ldconfig
Then retry the configure step. If that still doesn't work check that the file
/etc/ld.so.conf contains the path to the directory containing your wxWidgets
libraries. Then rerun ldconfig. Alternatively you can build static wxWidgets
libraries by adding "--disable-shared" to the wxWidgets configure step.

